Novice egis is if you walked into the facility that I just walked into and had
the grand tour that you were given a gentle listener and watcher at home.
Uh,
I was saying to Joe before we went,
like,
he's got this new plan new to me.
I don't know how long you've been here since October you said?
Yeah,
but it's,
it's a paradise.
It's a,
you know the fuck the term man cave.
This is like man,
empire walk in and it's just,
it's like walking into Joe's head.
It's everything he loves under one fucking roof.
And I said it to him before,
uh,
like you did this with your mouth,
like you talked yourself into this.
Very strange in that.
Awesome.
I mean,
I know you've got,
and you've got a zillion things that you do,
but like even in a world of like the MMA stuff,
that's still your mouth.
It's always your fucking mouth that is taking you from where you started til now
you walk into this building,
it's not like he had a family fortune and his,
it was willed to them.
Your mouth put you in a building.
This nice painted the walls,
the colored as you walk in,
it's like a a museum.
It's like you see pieces of,
of him,
hence me all over the fucking place.
That's all out of your mouth.
If anybody's watching or listening at home,
teetering on the verge of like,
I wonder if I should do a podcast,
send them a snapshot of that fucking room where you can launch bow and arrows
for 45 yards.
They'll start talking.
But I think if you're interested at all,
you should do a podcast.
It can be,
it can be a way to make a living.
There's enough people like this.
I'm not a one of those,
um,
famine thinkers.
I think the opposite.
I was like,
you could do it.
Anybody could do it.
I'm never like,
man,
it might not be enough for everybody.
I agree.
I'm always the guy who encouraged to like,
hey,
try it because oh my God,
it's fucking fun for me and I,
you know,
we've been,
we're rare birds and as much as we've been around since the fucking art form
started,
like you've been doing podcasts since a minute after podcast.
Cool.
At first he was the Guy Predate Corolla.
Yeah.
Well yeah for sure.
But a short,
so,
but you're in the first five years you were,
well,
what year did you start?
I started,
we just celebrated last year was our 10th anniversary smart guests.
We're now a year 11 so count back from now is two 2007 yeah,
a couple of years.
When did you begin?
Think 2009 to two years and none of the big bang when I,
when I jumped in,
it was Leo Laporte doing this week in tech and I think he still does that.
And the happy tree friends and that was like the apple podcast,
top five.
And then me and Scott started with smog cast and then later on we added a bunch
of stuff.
But getting in within the first two years,
like we happened and then right on the heels of us,
Adam was on the radio and then the radio job went away and I had a year,
was that where Adam went to podcasting?
I gotta be 2000 if we started smog guest 2007.
I got,
it's either in,
we start February,
2007 either he loses the radio Gig in 2007 and moves the podcast or it happens
in 2008 but it was,
isn't that neighborhood.
Yes.
And he's,
he was the,
uh,
the,
the model for a lot of folks now,
like Ralph Garman,
the guy that I do Hollywood babble.
I love Ralph.
Ralph's amazing.
He was let go by K rock earlier this year or later.
Yeah.
Light at the end of last year.
Right before Christmas.
And so he too moved into a kind of online world.
Um,
it,
it can sustain a motherfucker.
Yeah.
Ralph's a very strong report as his show.
I like him a lot.
He's a good dude.
Good Dude.
But I'm talking to him when you,
when you go to k rock and that's how our friendship began.
You sit there doing the show and then afterwards,
like I was a cigarette smoker in those days and we'd sit there out in the
parking lot and smoke and slowly,
like I remember I came in once k rock just to announce like,
Hey,
I've rented a theater on Santa Monica Boulevard and we're calling it smog casts
when we're going to where the world's first live podcasting theater and we're
going to do podcasts there and stuff.
And so Ralph was listening and he's right there.
And then,
uh,
like months prior he had approached me,
he's like,
hey man,
would you ever want to do like the show Biz beat?
That's what he used to do on k rock on Kevin and been like as a Saturday show.
And I was like,
Fuck Ya.
Hear myself on the radio.
That'd be fantastic.
So we recorded a demo for the show,
gave it to his bosses and his bosses were like,
nobody wants to listen to people talk on the radio anymore.
And so it died.
They're just like,
how years ago things died when you couldn't get past a gatekeeper who was like,
we don't want your shit.
Was this after the talk radio station in La went under?
Yes.
Okay.
So they probably were like,
yes on that.
And they were just,
you know,
k rock was reading the tea leaves,
which was like,
people don't want to hear people chat.
This one,
I'm playing music,
we're competing with satellite radio now we're competing with streaming music
where it's like they don't have to wait 15 minutes to hear a song.
Dance could shows though,
which can waste Steckler.
That was a really good show.
Yeah,
they were great.
There's a bunch of really good shows.
But the,
uh,
so he,
we had tried that and it was called Showbiz beat.
And then months later when I was in there going like,
yeah,
I'm opening this podcast theater afterwards in the parking lot,
grabbing the post show smoke.
Ralph is just like,
hey,
would you ever want to try that radio show at that theater?
And I was like,
fuck yeah,
you want to do it as a podcast?
And he was like,
yeah,
like yeah,
let's try it out.
And so I was driving home and I texted him at a light.
I said,
we could call it Hollywood Babylon.
It was an old book called Hollywood Babylon that was about like gossipy stories
about Hollywood people and stuff.
But we spell that of course different lane stuff.
And that was my,
that's what I brought to Babylon.
Uh,
other than that,
Ralph built that entire thing and then my job became to sit next to them and
react to the news,
which is,
that's why I love that podcast so much.
Cause as you can tell,
I fucking love sound of my voice and I wind up talking,
talking,
talking on smog casts.
I would lead on Jane saw and Bob get old,
which is really about Jason Muse.
I wound up wind up talking a bunch,
but with Babylon,
I get to sit there while he's the main act and I'm,
you know,
the second banana,
I mean it's,
it's nice to be able to top and bottom in the world of podcasting.
Like you know,
it,
it's,
it gives you a place to go.
If I'm topping all the time,
right.
Then I'm talking about my thoughts and what I believe in and these are the
experiences I've had and people are interested in that.
But then sometimes you just want to check out and talk about somebody else's
shit.
None.
A podcast we do called fat man on a mountain and that's what we do.
I just sit around and go like,
oh my God,
you watch the Avengers and shit like that.
So you get to concentrate on that kind of stuff.
So yeah,
the Babylon thing grew insanely organically.
We started that little theater,
sat 48 people,
and since he was on the radio every morning he could just fucking sell it out.
He'd be like,
Hey,
go to Kevin Smith's website.
You get tickets for battle on,
it'd be sold there.
He's that you place on,
was it,
it was somewhere in West Hollywood,
right?
That little theater.
It was on a Oros.
Yeah,
it was on Santa Monica Boulevard in an area,
uh,
where they put up a few black box theaters.
This,
this section is called the complex.
And we had one theater in the complex and repainted it and hung up like all the
artwork.
Like you got our work based on the podcast out in the hallway.
Same thing.
We were like essentially built a shrine to Scott Mosier,
my cohost of smog casts,
which I'm sure on some level creeped him the fuck out.
First time he walked in was just like,
he wants to wear my skin,
you know?
And so the idea was we're going to do nothing but smog cast here.
But since Scott didn't suddenly go into like,
yeah,
let's do five podcasts a week,
you know,
it stayed pretty much the same.
We had a theater with nothing going on in it and stuff.
So I started trying other things.
Babylon became one of them.
Jane Song,
Bob Get old also came out of that experience as well.
Have that theater.
No,
we let go of that.
Me and Maddie Cohen,
who's a cohost on this very fun podcast,
he doesn't have the Macaulay Culkin.
Have you spoken to fucking Macaulay Culkin yet?
No.
I'm just putting a be a bug in your ear.
Oh fuck dude.
Fuck.
He gives good talk,
good oral.
I mean that sounds filthier than I meant to,
but you know what I'm saying,
like as a guest fucking fascinating and funny and get it.
Anyway,
Matt and and Macaulay do a podcast called bunny ears.
And so Matt Cohen was the guy that I'd opened smart castle with.
Like I was got going,
I wish I had a black box theater and Matt went out and found it and stuff.
So we kept it open for like one year and then let it go.
Because what had happened was like the Babel show sold so well,
so quickly,
all the time that it became clear,
like we could move this to a bigger theater.
This is a thing.
He was on the radio all the time,
so it was easy to move seats.
So we went up to the Lovetts,
remember the John Lovitz comedy club?
Um,
Ralph had went to the Improv and love,
it's in love.
It's where like,
you could have 95 or 100% of the doors,
something ridiculous.
And,
uh,
and that was the only reason we went up there,
were there for a while.
Things fell out with Lovitz and stuff,
and then we moved to the Improv instead.
So we've been there ever since.
Um,
and now we do it on the road quite a bit and stuff.